The Joe Rogan experience. Depending upon your actions,
you reacted things differently depending upon your physical state.
And that's one of the things that yoga really helps when one of the ways that
yoga helps your karma is yoga relaxes you to
consequences and to things that happen. Like I remember, uh, I was, uh,
driving on the highway and there was this kid behind me. Um,
he's illegal alien and he was on his phone and he hit the brakes
too late and he slammed into my Porsche. I have a rare Porsche.
It's a very nice car.
And he up my car and I got out a and he didn't have a license
or insurance. Uh, he had insurance actually. I didn't think he did,
but took down his information. I, I took, uh, a photo of his, uh,
insurance card and I told him, listen, I said, you should get outta here, man.
Like, you're gonna get arrested. Like you, you slammed into me.
You don't have a license. You're not even supposed to be driving.
You' gonna take your car. His car was up. My car actually drove.
I drove it to the comedy store, but I remember the way I reacted to him.
Cuz I had done yoga three days in a row. Cool. Was cool and.
Calm. Yeah.
I was a, I was happy. I was okay. Cuz he slammed into me man. BA like that.
Fight story I told I wasn't angry. Yeah. It, it,
it changes how you re first of all,
it changes how you react in the Mo when you're doing the in the class. Yeah.
It has a secondary effect, like you just said.
And the third way it affects you is at the time of death,
the idea I I've actually had almost in your death experience
with this too, where, um, you are focused
in the same way. You're not angry. You're not freaking out.
You become incredibly focused as if I'm about, about to leave my body
and you can say it, uh, once I was attacked. Um,
and I had it probably the most spiritual experience in my life. Um,
and it was how are you attacked? It's such a story,
but it's it's. I was at a show. I was when I,
we were the time of my life. When I was monks,
we were all monks and we were traveling and we played in sort of
a ghetto part of Buffalo at a big show,
materially speaking. It was great.
We were big people loved those who sold merchandise and which band was this?
This was shelter. It's my next band. Um,
and after the show,
it was about two in the morning and everybody's getting out of the club and I'm
in the alley getting interviewed for some man magazine and our
van is parked. You could drive the car in the van,
in the club and all the doors and windows were open and our guys were unloading
all the gear.
And basically only a few people left in the club breaking down the club and I
was outside getting interviewed.
And all of a sudden this car pulls up with these massive
dudes who weren't from the punk scene.
They looked like just sort of ghetto dudes and they were ripped and they were
big and they just grabbed one of the younger kids. I mean,
our show is everyone was 17, 19, you know, 20,
they grabbed one kid and just beat the living crap out of them. And I was like,
uh, and I'm getting interviewed.
So it's sort of awkward and it's happening about 50 yards away from him.
Just randomly random. Activeviolence didn't talk to him first.
Didn't talk to him, picked him up, threw him' down, beat him,
and then went to another kid and did that.
By the time they got to the third kid,
everybody just started running for their life. Here's like a get, you know,
you don't think of these things in, in times of great like fear and anxiety.
Why don't you, why don't you do this? Why don't you do that? Why?
All I did was I ran back in the club to get my band. I said,
you guys gotta get outta here. There's a bunch of crazy guys outside.
And all my roadies, we're all monks by the way.
But all the guys who were my roadies said, well, we can't go anywhere.
Like the equipment's half in the car, the t-shirts aren't loaded.
And all of a sudden, the bad guys,
their car drives into the club and parks like,
like a T blocking our vans. So we couldn't get outta the club any longer
and they get out of the car. And there's not that many people,
there's a couple bands and sound stuff like around the club.
And the biggest guy gets out and he grabs a gun
and he just goes in a really serious and unemotional way.
I've got a gun and I'm gonna kill everyone tonight.
And it was one of these like
eerie sort of like eerie organ music he could hear.
And I was like, it, it just felt like, oh, this is the day. You know,
the day you always talk about that death day where you don't expect it and you
expect it. And then you get the, the, a ACE of spades. That's your day now.
And I was like, oh. And I was the older,
you know, dev devotei Christianna dev devotei these,
we are Christianna dev devotete monks or BTI, yoga monks.
And so all the other guys in the band came up to me, what are we gonna do?
What are we gonna do now? They weren't,
they weren't right near us at the time they were like go,
they were literally going around and beating people up and all the other monks
came up to me, you know, RA, what are we gonna do?
And I had already sort of given up UNES escaping or anything.
I just looked, I don't know where I got this from,
because I'm definitely not an elevated soul. Um,
but I said, we're gonna die tonight. And so we're gonna chant.
And I went into the, the, the, uh, Jesus Christ. I,
I know why wouldn't you just run? I, you know what, in retrospect, I don't know,
but let, let me, let me, let me, uh, circle back with this.
I grabbed the drum out.
I play this Indian drum and we all started chanting these mantras to,
to nainga Dave.
Who's an avatar of Nu you usually chant for type of protection,
but we all started really focusing and chanting this mantra.
It's unbelievable story, but it's, it's all true.
And as they were beating up people,
they finally came to us and all my guys ran for their life.
Some guys were on under the van in the, and above the van.
And I'm surrounded by this gang.
And the biggest guy just grabs the gun and he goes to me,
do you want some? And I was like, freaking trick question.
What am I supposed to say here? And so I didn' just, you know, by the way,
I didn't look like a monk. I had jeans on or I DIDNT.
It's not like let's beat up monk day. It was just a random act of violence.
And so I said, I just put my hands, like in anamous day and said,
Harry, krisshna, I'm a Devo of Lord Krishna.
And I have no idea why you are angry.
And then, or the first time in my life,
I felt completely helpless.
I was just like repeatedly beaten and just punched.
And it's just one of those things. It's not like you can even fight back.
You are just getting pounded.
But what happened was every time I got punched,
I chanted a mantra.
So it was sort of like this new noion Chitani Krishna govinnda goal.
Every time I chanted to the point where I was like, oh, this is amazing.
I'm actually chanting. I was actually stepping outside of myself,
saying I'm actually in meditation, on sacred names.
And then all of a sudden my head was down and I looked behind me and there was
these three girls coming to protect me and they had baseball bats.
And then I realized, no, they're not. They're the girlfriends of these guys.
And then I started getting hit by a baseball bat,
UN unbelievable, three times in the head.
We one on the shoulder and two in the legs.
And every time I, and this is a random thing, there's no reason.
As far as I know it was, as far as I know, it was random. I didn't know them.
They didn't know me. They weren't from that scene. Our show was in a ghetto,
you know, there's always a cause of something,
but I have no idea what the cause was. And so every time, but,
but MI miraculously and you read these stories in the Maha bar and the rammyon,
all these epics of India, the great Sage leaves his body.
He calls Lord Christianist chariot in front of him.
Then he chant these mantras and I'm thinking, oh my God,
I'm chanting these mantras at the time of death.
I'm cha I'm chanting at the time of death. This is the perfection in my life.
That was what was going through my head. I kid you not.
And I was like outside of my body and I wasn't fearful.
And then all of a sudden to wrap up the story, everything stopped.
And I didn't really know what happened, but what,
what was happening was all the guys in the band, jumped in our car,
our van and plowed through their car and took off.
And I can't remember how,
but I ended up in the street in some ghetto street carrying this Indian clay
drum.
I looked like ever that movie carry the girl just covered in bull blood.
I was covered in blood for my head all the way down, all over the drum.
And I'm walking in the streets, trying to flag down a car.
The cars would slow down, see me and then speed away.
Cuz I looked like a zombie or something. And then I realized,
oh man something. And you know, you're running sort of high on adrenaline.
I remember being very lucid <affirmative> and I went over to, uh,
some light.
I saw it looked like a garage where they fixed cars or house buses or something.
And it was open and there was a man in a booth. And I said, sir,
you have to call the police. Cuz I thought my friends now were getting beat up,
were killed or whatever. And I said, uh, you have to call the police.
My friends are in trouble. The guy literally looked at me and just said,
I'm busy. And I said, listen,
you gotta call the police right now. And if you don't mind,
I'm just gonna hide in this booth.
Cuz I think these guys might come back and kill me.
And so I'm kneeling down in this dirty garage
at two in the morning.
And the first thing in my mind is no one knows where I am.
My mother doesn't know where I am. Friends don't know where I am.
My band members don't know where I am.
They could be getting killed and everything was so good today.
Like I had a great day and now it's over like a dream.
And I even had have these lyrics that were like, this world's like a dream.
It's not what it seems. We think it's solid, but it fades. I was like, I even,
and I sort of, my selftalk became a prayer and I started saying,
I really wasn't expecting to die tonight.
But that's what the dream is. It seems real. And now it's over her.
And I started to think like, oh my God,
I was in per I was sort of like in the state of like Soma,
when I was getting beat up, I was focused.
I was connected and I was chanting at that time. I said,
but now maybe my, if I got, I'm just trying to think my, my, you know,
boy scout first aid is like, I might have a concussion. My brain's gonna swell.
I'm gonna fall asleep. And then I won't be in meditation. And I started saying,
I said, I said, I started praying, sincerely Krishna.
I wasn't expecting to die tonight.
But you were so kind considering I'm not evolved to enter my
lips so I could just chant.
So please don't let me die with concussion. If you want to take me,
please take me right now. And with all sincerity,
I started chanting these prayers that I had memorized these very beautiful
prayers from a ancient book, but there were prayersgl you,
I focused a picture of C Krisna in my mind. And I started chanting these prayers
and then UN unfortunately I lived unfortunately,
cause I was in such a perfect ridiculous thing.
Meaning I was at a that's how I would wanna die. Mm.
So there was no book. There's no teacher, there's no pilgrimage.
There was no that taught me more about my,
my spiritual path and that, than that beat down day. Cause I felt like however,
close to dying as you can get as so close to dying,
but I felt like you had accepted that. And,
and I had been taken care of like in that time of great tragedy, I've been,
I felt connected more than I've ever been connected and I wouldn't wish it
again. Mm-hmm <affirmative> but I'm, I'm so happy it happened.
I.